was I played in gentlemen's comical
music here and what am i doing what am I
Davey yeah I am I haven't wanted to do a
video like this for quite a while now
people people are always get in games
and let me tell you from experience
doing doing this about 40 and 50 times
for the end up pretty soon right right
here right on it will crack I'm telling
you it will cry so what I do is is that
I want to like the dollar store and I
bought some CD cases okay it's so much
easier to put your game in there let's
know what's that look simple okay all
right put the game and then when you're
playing look at nothing see see it comes
out so simple look look at comes out so
simple and it was like this thing right
here where it's worse was actually
grabbing your disc you know that's
that's bad let me let me grab grab a few
of my games that I got you know I got a
lot of oh you know leave move this right
here front what Oh get these games this
right here is is what I put all my games
in you know I put all my games in those
cases because a between once I had broke
a sixty-dollar game see that so see so I
games in it all of minute all I'm in
here Oh see me or just game yeah but
that yeah that's what I do man so guys
and girls stop breaking your games going
to the dollar store and get some of
these cheap cases they I think
so you can get I think 50 what well it
might not be quite five but you can get
a few of them for dollars you can go to
wally world AKA walmart you get you okay
something and especially if if you are
like me and you gain a lot and and you
are constantly switching up different
our games and playing this game and you
get tired and that you want to play
another game I'm telling y'all you know
I'm saying stop put your games in this
little crap because it will tear your
game up see like if you look at right
here let's see from get close see that
see that you know this is watch that see
now Cena taking that in and out in in a
couple of times a week Ted you know I
would get so mad if I break this shit
while I'm making a video how not to
break it you know now if you can get
that competitive that look see that put
that right on there simple done so that
it was my helpful little video